README.md, before:

# RubyFiglet
FIGlet in Ruby, font interpretation and printing.

## Install
From rubygems.org
```shell
gem install ruby_figlet
```

## Usage
In your shell
```shell
ruby-figlet -f alligator "ruby"

      :::::::::      :::    :::     :::::::::    :::   :::
     :+:    :+:     :+:    :+:     :+:    :+:   :+:   :+:  
    +:+    +:+     +:+    +:+     +:+    +:+    +:+ +:+    
   +#++:++#:      +#+    +:+     +#++:++#+      +#++:      
  +#+    +#+     +#+    +#+     +#+    +#+      +#+        
 #+#    #+#     #+#    #+#     #+#    #+#      #+#         
###    ###      ########      #########       ###    

```
But mainly as a library
```ruby
require 'ruby_figlet'
using RubyFiglet # For String.new(...).art / .art! Moneky Patches

puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.available # see all fonts and more in other dirs

moo = "Moo!"
moo.art!
puts moo # Default font is 'standard' when no arguments given
#  __  __                _
# |  \/  |  ___    ___  | |
# | |\/| | / _ \  / _ \ | |
# | |  | || (_) || (_) ||_|
# |_|  |_| \___/  \___/ (_)

# or

puts "meow...".art                               # all
puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("meow...").stringify # work
RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("meow...").show           # equally

# str.art(font)/str.art!(font) and RubyFiglet::Figlet.new(str, font) have a font parameter!

puts "one zero one one".art 'binary' # => 01101111 01101110 01100101  01111010 01100101 01110010 01101111  01101111 01101110 01100101  01101111 01101110 01100101
puts "every base is base *10*".art 'hex' # => 65 76 65 72 79  62 61 73 65  69 73  62 61 73 65  2A 31 30 2A

# German support:
puts "Heizölrückstoßabdämpfung".art # =>
#  _   _        _       _   _  _        _   _        _          _            ___         _          _  _   _                     __                      
# | | | |  ___ (_) ____(_)_(_)| | _ __ (_) (_)  ___ | | __ ___ | |_   ___   / _ \  __ _ | |__    __| |(_)_(_) _ __ ___   _ __   / _| _   _  _ __    __ _
# | |_| | / _ \| ||_  / / _ \ | || '__|| | | | / __|| |/ // __|| __| / _ \ | |/ / / _` || '_ \  / _` | / _` || '_ ` _ \ | '_ \ | |_ | | | || '_ \  / _` |
# |  _  ||  __/| | / / | (_) || || |   | |_| || (__ |   < \__ \| |_ | (_) || |\ \| (_| || |_) || (_| || (_| || | | | | || |_) ||  _|| |_| || | | || (_| |
# |_| |_| \___||_|/___| \___/ |_||_|    \__,_| \___||_|\_\|___/ \__| \___/ | ||_/ \__,_||_.__/  \__,_| \__,_||_| |_| |_|| .__/ |_|   \__,_||_| |_| \__, |
#                                                                          |_|                                          |_|                        |___/

puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("It's an abstract sort of font", 'weird').stringify # =>
#                                                                                                          __      __                
#  / /    /                            /         /                   /                      /            /       /              /   
# ( (___     ___     ___  ___     ___ (___  ___ (___  ___  ___  ___ (___     ___  ___  ___ (___     ___ (       (     ___  ___ (___
# | |       |___    |   )|   )   |   )|   )|___ |    |   )|   )|    |       |___ |   )|   )|       |   )|___    |___ |   )|   )|    
# | |__      __/    |__/||  /    |__/||__/  __/ |__  |    |__/||__  |__      __/ |__/ |    |__     |__/ |       |    |__/ |  / |__  



bowl = "Soup?"
bowl.art! 'alphabet'
puts bowl
# =>  SSS                 ???  
#    S                   ?   ?
#     SSS  ooo u  u ppp     ?  
#        S o o u  u p  p   ?   
#    SSSS  ooo  uuu ppp    ?   
#                   p          
#                   p          

# Newline support!
two_lines = RubyFiglet::Figlet.new "broken\nline", 'basic'
two_lines.show
# =>
# d8888b. d8888b.  .d88b.  db   dD d88888b d8b   db
# 88  `8D 88  `8D .8P  Y8. 88 ,8P' 88'     888o  88
# 88oooY' 88oobY' 88    88 88,8P   88ooooo 88V8o 88
# 88~~~b. 88`8b   88    88 88`8b   88~~~~~ 88 V8o88
# 88   8D 88 `88. `8b  d8' 88 `88. 88.     88  V888
# Y8888P' 88   YD  `Y88P'  YP   YD Y88888P VP   V8P
# db      d888888b d8b   db d88888b
# 88        `88'   888o  88 88'     
# 88         88    88V8o 88 88ooooo
# 88         88    88 V8o88 88~~~~~
# 88booo.   .88.   88  V888 88.     
# Y88888P Y888888P VP   V8P Y88888P



```

Commit message:

List fonts example and preview

README.md, after:

# RubyFiglet
FIGlet in Ruby, font interpretation and printing.

## Install
From rubygems.org
```shell
gem install ruby_figlet
```

## Usage
In your shell
```shell
ruby-figlet -f alligator "ruby"

      :::::::::      :::    :::     :::::::::    :::   :::
     :+:    :+:     :+:    :+:     :+:    :+:   :+:   :+:  
    +:+    +:+     +:+    +:+     +:+    +:+    +:+ +:+    
   +#++:++#:      +#+    +:+     +#++:++#+      +#++:      
  +#+    +#+     +#+    +#+     +#+    +#+      +#+        
 #+#    #+#     #+#    #+#     #+#    #+#      #+#         
###    ###      ########      #########       ###    

# You can list all the possible fonts with `ruby-figlet list`
# To preview the fonts, you could do something like this:
OLDIFS=$IFS; IFS=$'\n'; for f in $(ruby-figlet list); do printf "\n\n\nFont: \"$f\":\n\n"; ruby-figlet "$f " -f "$f"; done; IFS=$OLDIFS

# please note that the list of fonts is very long, and will flood the terminal. 
```
But mainly as a library
```ruby
require 'ruby_figlet'
using RubyFiglet # For String.new(...).art / .art! Moneky Patches

puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.available # see all fonts and more in other dirs

moo = "Moo!"
moo.art!
puts moo # Default font is 'standard' when no arguments given
#  __  __                _
# |  \/  |  ___    ___  | |
# | |\/| | / _ \  / _ \ | |
# | |  | || (_) || (_) ||_|
# |_|  |_| \___/  \___/ (_)

# or

puts "meow...".art                               # all
puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("meow...").stringify # work
RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("meow...").show           # equally

# str.art(font)/str.art!(font) and RubyFiglet::Figlet.new(str, font) have a font parameter!

puts "one zero one one".art 'binary' # => 01101111 01101110 01100101  01111010 01100101 01110010 01101111  01101111 01101110 01100101  01101111 01101110 01100101
puts "every base is base *10*".art 'hex' # => 65 76 65 72 79  62 61 73 65  69 73  62 61 73 65  2A 31 30 2A

# German support:
puts "Heizölrückstoßabdämpfung".art # =>
#  _   _        _       _   _  _        _   _        _          _            ___         _          _  _   _                     __                      
# | | | |  ___ (_) ____(_)_(_)| | _ __ (_) (_)  ___ | | __ ___ | |_   ___   / _ \  __ _ | |__    __| |(_)_(_) _ __ ___   _ __   / _| _   _  _ __    __ _
# | |_| | / _ \| ||_  / / _ \ | || '__|| | | | / __|| |/ // __|| __| / _ \ | |/ / / _` || '_ \  / _` | / _` || '_ ` _ \ | '_ \ | |_ | | | || '_ \  / _` |
# |  _  ||  __/| | / / | (_) || || |   | |_| || (__ |   < \__ \| |_ | (_) || |\ \| (_| || |_) || (_| || (_| || | | | | || |_) ||  _|| |_| || | | || (_| |
# |_| |_| \___||_|/___| \___/ |_||_|    \__,_| \___||_|\_\|___/ \__| \___/ | ||_/ \__,_||_.__/  \__,_| \__,_||_| |_| |_|| .__/ |_|   \__,_||_| |_| \__, |
#                                                                          |_|                                          |_|                        |___/

puts RubyFiglet::Figlet.new("It's an abstract sort of font", 'weird').stringify # =>
#                                                                                                          __      __                
#  / /    /                            /         /                   /                      /            /       /              /   
# ( (___     ___     ___  ___     ___ (___  ___ (___  ___  ___  ___ (___     ___  ___  ___ (___     ___ (       (     ___  ___ (___
# | |       |___    |   )|   )   |   )|   )|___ |    |   )|   )|    |       |___ |   )|   )|       |   )|___    |___ |   )|   )|    
# | |__      __/    |__/||  /    |__/||__/  __/ |__  |    |__/||__  |__      __/ |__/ |    |__     |__/ |       |    |__/ |  / |__  



bowl = "Soup?"
bowl.art! 'alphabet'
puts bowl
# =>  SSS                 ???  
#    S                   ?   ?
#     SSS  ooo u  u ppp     ?  
#        S o o u  u p  p   ?   
#    SSSS  ooo  uuu ppp    ?   
#                   p          
#                   p          

# Newline support!
two_lines = RubyFiglet::Figlet.new "broken\nline", 'basic'
two_lines.show
# =>
# d8888b. d8888b.  .d88b.  db   dD d88888b d8b   db
# 88  `8D 88  `8D .8P  Y8. 88 ,8P' 88'     888o  88
# 88oooY' 88oobY' 88    88 88,8P   88ooooo 88V8o 88
# 88~~~b. 88`8b   88    88 88`8b   88~~~~~ 88 V8o88
# 88   8D 88 `88. `8b  d8' 88 `88. 88.     88  V888
# Y8888P' 88   YD  `Y88P'  YP   YD Y88888P VP   V8P
# db      d888888b d8b   db d88888b
# 88        `88'   888o  88 88'     
# 88         88    88V8o 88 88ooooo
# 88         88    88 V8o88 88~~~~~
# 88booo.   .88.   88  V888 88.     
# Y88888P Y888888P VP   V8P Y88888P



```
